This application has been showcased as part of the "Resonant worlds" immersive music exhibition in the UK:

* 22 Jun 2024 - Big Great Green Week festival (Burton-on-Trent)
* 15 Oct 2025 – AdaFest festival (Nottingham)
* 18 Oct 2025 – Future Makers: “Notts Space – Creators in Residence” festival (Nottingham)
* 29 Nov 2025 – Backlit Art Gallery exhibition (Nottingham)
* 21 Mar 2026 – Brewhouse Arts Centre exhibition (Burton-on-Trent)



Here's a quick synopsis of the idea behind the "Shadow of the Rain" VR application:

"Shadows of the Rain" is an immersive music experience, investigating the potential of artificial imagination to interpret human-created emotion. The project is based on a cover piano music track to the song with the same title and thus has a verbal representation of the emotional landscape of music composition. 



Composers: Valentyna Shvets, Anna Shvets

Lyrics: Anna Shvets

Performer: Anna Shvets



Lyrics:

I will stay all alone,

&#x20;So, my soul could be reborn

&#x20;And could ever fly

&#x20;In the blue space of the sky.



I will draw every day

&#x20;From shadows of the rain,

&#x20;So, I could breathe again,

&#x20;Free and released from pain.



I need to say "Goodbye",

&#x20;‘Cause you will not be mine.

&#x20;I will save the light,

&#x20;All memories inside.



I will draw every day

&#x20;From shadows of the rain.

&#x20;I'll let my soul be reborn

&#x20;From the energy of the storm.



I will draw every day

&#x20;From shadows of the rain.

&#x20;I will save the light,

&#x20;All memories inside.



